another one of my episodes so today we
actually hit it I'm actually done but it
basically just doesn't move and
everything I didn't get some packages in
yet but yes some Mississippi done now I
just returned that you are truck yeah
everything is done but anyway I did
comment that I was gonna show you guys
or whatever so like this is you know
just change the camera I'm actually
using my iPad so alright much better
okay this is the room 9 special but I
know mostly you guys might be just
looking for to see my computer whatever
this is bathroom that serious it's the
glass so as you can see I'm using my
iPad that's about it
and it's hot in here right now because I
don't know for some reason today it's
really hot but anyway yeah that's the
room living room kitchen or whatever and
you guys probably could see that 9 in
the fridge and I get to buy anything yet
you know it just got to move in here
yesterday I want to take out whenever
they probably you think want some soda
and some water that's about it and I get
to fill up the fridge it and to see the
kitchen as goes on for a rest this is
the
or whatever how do you finish set up
everything yeah
Aziz just to see everything is still
packed still got some more box to bring
in what you guys wanted to see my new
setup
I mean it's recently the same setup I'm
using my monitor for the TV I know right
and I'm using well the main TV as my
monitor but I don't know it's it's much
better for me because I usually like to
watch my movie on Netflix and stuff like
that so that's why I don't know why I
just I just set it up that way but
anyway this is my set up of course but
anyway let's start what you know what is
not that bright show you guys the only
upgrade that I did is I changed my own
video card to water cooling as you could
see I'm using a 75 water cooling
enough home as you can see I'm using the
NZXT case which allow you to use the age
75 water cooler and bake up over your
video card of course yeah this is my
setup I'm still using the Hema sideboard
x99 chipset whatever yeah as you guys
can see now I have one GTX 980 that I'm
mostly using you know for gta4 whatever
that's when I don't put on as a lot more
that's why this video card really needed
to be water cooler but the other pretty
of God is alright so I mean I usually
use esalaam board only when I'm playing
GTA 5 so I guess that's about it yeah
this is the PC it's the same stuff that
I have and I have a couple SSD which you
guys could see all the way in the back I
have at least three or four of them at
least
alright so and yeah that's about it you
guys and also thank you for 55k man this
is the channel you guys been gone coming
back to all the time
so definitely thank you as you guys can
see that I'm still using my extra 850
and for recording sound I'm using
of course the breviary and yeah nothing
special
yeah just expect some more videos or
whatever we're just gonna keep going
with the channel and yeah this is the
setup for now I guess it's the next time
man
and you just I guess this is about it oh
yeah I did put up some that poster over
this GTA 5 poster EVGA and also another
GTA 5 nothing special it's just a
regular partner so yeah go back to the
home huh
yeah and also thank you guys up
in 5k man 55 I really think I would have
made it this far at least like it's
ridiculous but um yeah I mean if you
guys have any questions um now I'm gonna
be able to stall a livestream and
because I'm gonna have a long time now I
live a little bit closer to work so it's
gonna be easier by the time I get home I
have a lot of free time or whatever um
yeah look forward to more in this
channel and yeah if you do it to my
channel welcome and if you
if you've been around since day one as
you can see I'm swept my hands over
where I need to actually go outside by 8
c2 so that's another thing I have a
couple more stuff really I need to bring
in and yeah so I guess that's about it
thank you for watching thank you for
subscribing until next time peace